 Where does the Estimated Test Power tool first appear in the split test setup workflow?   Build Your Ads
 The split test winner will have the lowest cost per action, defined by what?   Bid Goal 
 What is the primary factor that impacts an ad’s organic value in the auction?   Targeted Audience size
 To launch a new campaign with the winning ad set, you need to adjust the flighting and what else before you click Publish Campaign?  Audience size
  Which split test variable would you choose to test 2-5 variations of a promotional offer? Creative
  Where in Ads Manager do you set up a Snap Pixel for an ad account? Event manager
   To verify and troubleshoot Pixel Implementations, what Chrome extension should you download and use? Snap pixel Helper
   Which factor converts the advertiser bid to an effective CPM so that ad sets bidding on different goals can compete in the same auction? Clearing price
   Which audience type lets you define targeting segments based on lacation, demographics, devices, interests, and inclusion or exclusion to custom audiences you’ve created?Predefined Audience
  Which attachment lets you re-engage app users= (If the app isn’t installed on a user’s device, they’re redirected to the app’s page in the app store.) Deep Link
   You can further segment a Custom Audience in Audience Insights by age, location, device, and what else? Ad Engagement
  Which of these features allows you to pass web, app, and offline events to measure performance and incrementality? Conversion API
  Where must you go in Ads Manager to generate a Custom Audience? Adience insight
 A complete ad format comprises an ad type and an optional what? Attachment 
   If your ad set has an attachment, where do you select the CTA copy? Build Your Campaign
  1,000 user To protect user privacy with the Audience Insights tool, what is the minimum audience size required to show insights?
   Predicted Event Rate Which factor DOES NOT impact an ad’s final bid in the auction?
   Ad Type  Which selection determines how your ad will look and where Snapchatters will see it (i.e., the placement)?
    View Insights Which button do you click next to the winning ad set to view more details?
    Catalog sales Which objective activates Dynamic Ad creation?
   Advanced Create From where in Ads Manager do you  lauch the winning ad set from a split test?
   Winner’s Organic Value Snapchat’s second-price auction model means the winner pays a clearing price equal to the runner up’s final bid plus one cent minus what?
  Which of the four types of Predefined Audiences is built from Snap first-party data, consisting of over 100 interest categories? Lifestyles
  Which bid goal DOES NOT require a predicted event rate to be converted into an effective CPM bid? Swipe Up
  Which type of Custom Audience DOES NOT update dynamically Snap Audience Match
 Which bid type is ideal for app advertisers who want to optimize for purchase value and drive profitable acquisition over efficient acquisition?  Minimum ROAS
Which bid type is ideal for advertisers who DO NOT want to bid over their set bid amount?  Target Cost
 Which split test variable would you choose to see which bidding strategy shows the best performance? Creative
 Which type of audience would you generate by manually uploading a list of existing customers?  Snap Audience Match
Which bid type can you select to view the current suggested bid range, giving you a reference point for a competitive bid amount?  Max Bid
Which audience type is built from high-intent individuals who have engaged directly with your website in the past?  Pixel Audience
  What must you set up to unlock app-centric campaign features, targeting, and measurement capabilities? Snap Pixel
 Which type of Predefined Audience is available worldwide? Lifestyles
 Which type of audience in Ads Manager provides an anonymous, aggregate group of Snapchatters who have previously engaged with your brand or business?  Custom Audience
  What controls how your campaign delivers over the course of a day to ensure you’re spending efficiently?  Pacing
 Where can you view insights for your Custom Audiences? Audience Insights 
Which tool can you use to check the most current addressable reach estimates for any country and demographic?  Audience insight
 Which ad type allows you edit the placement?  snap ads
  Which bid type should be used for lower-funnel objectives in which you don’t mind winning some pricier auctions but you’re still trying to achieve a target CPA? Auto Bid
 You can generate the Snap App ID directly in Ads Manager or by registering your app for what?  Snap Kit
40 ????? Question 40 is not there
 Which type of Lookalike Audience bears the closest resemblance to the seed audience?  Similarity
 You can either install Snap Pixel directly into your website’s codebase or through what? Snap pixel Helper
 How many variables can you test in a single split test?  ONE
 Which factor denotes the probability of finding the same winner if you were to run the same test again?  Confidence Score
To track purchase events for accurate ROAS reporting, you need to add the Purchase event to Snap Pixel, plus three event parameters: currency, price, and what else?  User Email
 Re-engagement bid goals are only available when you enable what on your ad set? Snap App ID
 What should you avoid when using ad set lifetime budgets because it may cause unexpected delivery patterns? Ad Set Daily Budget
 After completing the Snap App ID setup, Snap unlocks new features for app advertisers, Which of the following is NOT one of those features? Re-engagement Bid Goals
  What identifier does Snap use to deduplicate conversion events? Pixel ID
